

Here are some screenshots from Lotus Word Pro for OS/2.  This version is
still in beta testing (the beta program is closed to new applicants).

In screenshots with Lotus Infoboxes(TM), you will notice little red
lines at various places.  These red lines obviously will not be in the
final release version.

Here are some brief descriptions of the screenshots:

LWP1.GIF:  This shows the tabs that indicate sections in a document and
the bubble help.  This the same sort of bubble help that is rumored to
be in Merlin.

LWP2.GIF: This and several following shots show how easy it is to convert
simple text into a table and then how to cut & paste the table to create
nice looking, full-color graphics.

The marked text can be found in the Word Pro test document 'busplan.lwp'.

LWP3.GIF: The dialog box shown is the result of choosing 'Create' and
'Table' from the Word Pro menu.

LWP4.GIF: Presto!  We just converted a simple text table into a real
table.  Incidentally, each cell in the table has its own properties,
such as linetype, color, hatch patterns etc.  All these properties are
modified using a Lotus Infobox.  Cell properties can be modified
independently, by row, column or matrix.

LWP5.GIF: Now we want to add some splash to our Business plan, so we
want to replace the boring old table with a nice color bar chart.  First
we choose what kind of chart we want.  In this case, we picked a semi-3d
bar chart.  As you can see from the list of chart types and chart
styles, dozens of charting possibilities exist.

LWP6.GIF: Now we simply paste the table into the chart's data table.  Of
course, you may edit the numbers directly, import data from a file or
fill by example.  A preview of the chart is shown at all times.

Charting makes full use of OS/2 advanced multitasking features.  You can
see under the 'Edit Data' dialog box the chart we are creating.  The
actual chart is updated in the document as we make changes in the dialog
box.  That's power!

LWP7.GIF: The chart is finished!  From opening the document to the
finish, this chart took less than one minute to create.  Though I wasn't
counting mouse clicks, I would guess it took fewer than 15 mouse clicks
to complete the chart, and I didn't use the keyboard once.

Word Pro's advanced features are powerful yet easy enough for even first
time users to get work done right away.

LWP8.GIF: This is the Import Picture dialog box.  Notice the image
preview to the right.  You don't have to remember what the image looks
like anymore.  Clip-art is also previewed.  Incidentally, Word Pro
documents themselves are previewed in the Open File dialog box (not
shown).

LWP9.GIF: We have imported our graphic, and now we see the Frame
properties Infobox.  Every property pertaining to this particular frame is
set using this Infobox.

LWP_DRAW.GIF: Here is a drawing frame and the Drawing pallettes and
Infobox.  The toolbars in Word Pro can be attached to the top, bottom,
either the left or right sides, or, as shown here, they can 'float'
wherever you set them.

LWP_EQUA.GIF: Here are the Equation Editor toolboxes and a Frame Infobox.
Equations can be inserted into frames or into the main document, just
like ordinary text.


DISCLAIMER:
These screenshots have not been released by Lotus Development, and
therefore must be regarded as unofficial.

These screenshots may not be construed to represent any aspect of the final
release of Word Pro for OS/2; any or all of the features depicted may change
solely at the whim of Lotus Development Corp.

All Trademarks belong to their respective owners.


